liuliu/readme-installation-links (#261)
dolthub/dolt-workbench: README.md

> Get started on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dolthub/dolt-workbench).

Reviewer: Can remove this line

> ## Installation
> 
> - [Desktop Application - Download for MAC](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/dolt-workbench/id6720702995?mt=12) (Windows version coming soon)
> - [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/dolthub/dolt-workbench) - Run Dolt Workbench in a Docker container
> - [From source](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt-workbench?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started-from-source) - Run Dolt Workbench in a Docker container

Reviewer: Some copy edits

```suggestion
## Installation

There are a few ways to install the Dolt Workbench:

- [Download the desktop application from the Mac App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/dolt-workbench/id6720702995?mt=12) (Windows coming soon)
- [Pull the Docker Hub image](https://hub.docker.com/r/dolthub/dolt-workbench)
- [Build from source](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt-workbench?tab=readme-ov-file#getting-started-from-source)
```
